there's this quote by Sun suu. I don't recall exactly the words, but the
meaning of it really got to me. Uh, it went along. Lines of this,
uh, the leaders that are most beloved are the ones that just, like,
tell anybody everything, uh, next is most feared, uh, next to the ones
who like, um, are really prized among everyone, but the ones who
they're most effective are the invisible ones. It basically went like
that. So I think that the mawr invisible you are as a leader. Um,
even though you are controlling things from behind the scenes, uh,
more credit that you give him, the better he'll respect you and you'll
see it, um, devolved into the group. Ah, lot more if they take more
responsibility of their actions. Um, even though they have a lot
to learn and you are teaching them a lot, um, you don't want that to
filter down to the crew. So, for instance, um, my first class would
come into my office say, Hey, this needs to be on. I give him the exact
instructions so that he can't fail. Then he goes out, and he described
it to the crew. Now, little do the crew new do the little Does
the crew know that I'm the one who actually explained things to him.
But he was my, um my go to go through guy. And he's, um that's the
way that you are supposed to handle leadership by passing it down
through the ranks.